hello there this is my yen and this is a
short tutorial on how to make a fondant
rose I got the initial instructions from
boost prints as I've mentioned in my
previous videos but I got also another
request from one of those nice people
who leave me comments and she wants to
know how to make it so this will be a
short video on that and because my big
boss is here
I already made fondant circles for the
petals so we just need fondant a ziplock
bag or any plastic bag you got there and
that's it and you're gonna already make
your rose first take one of those small
circles and roll it out on your palm
until it reaches this shape and then put
it under your plastic and flatten that
out
and then this will be the center of your
rose so if you can see I'm hoping you
can see roll it from one end from left
to right you can see that we are rolling
that and then you just use maybe
one-fourth or one-third to create a
spiral so I'm hoping you guys can see it
here okay so that will be the center of
your rose and let it sit there for a
while
then the rest you could just do the same
thing so these are all circles flatten
them out and it depends on you if you
want you know really really flat petals
or if you would want them you know a
little chunky so here goes
you just make sure that you put these
petals in an alternate fashion so clip
it there tuck it down here and for a
more realistic effect just push the edge
of the petal very softly going out and
let it sit here
you're just gonna do the same for all of
these circles tow to speed up so that we
won't add up with a very long video I'm
gonna go ahead and do the other circles
the same time so we can just stick them
on there my little boys out of cracker
or so give me a second see I'm doing
super speed being sir okay so put them
in there alternately at this point I
don't really need water because they
still stick it's gonna be a little messy
if you put water to connect you know one
one petal to another
and I think for gumpaste
users they will have more flexibility
I've seen a couple of videos on gumpaste
they truly look more realistic and
that's because there's a different
technique obviously for gum paste and
all different sorts of materials and
cutters used so but this one what I like
about this one even though it's a little
lengthy to do it it only needs you know
plastic and fondant and your fingers and
you can make it whatever size you want
so that's alright I'm just gonna need to
add these and again add alternately
as we make our rows a little bigger and
I know you guys can do a better job than
this so please be patient with with this
hurry demo
I got a 13 month old staring at me right
now so here you go to make it a little
more realistic again hey my was there
ever just need to do this anything
come on what's there so here you go
it could be better you could still add
more petals on the side but you get the
general idea
depends on how big you would want your
flower to be I can use or combine
different colors what what I find very
nice is like getting pink pink fondant
and then getting a piece of that and
adding white fondant so as you move
further the petals will become lighter
so that's a nice effect anyway I hope I
didn't disappoint you okay Lee's Grammy
but that's how to make Lee's spawn at
roses and I hope you guys make a better
job than this Thanks and you guys have a
great day